1436790/1438462: Part 13: 19 files with MSDN link fixes. (#10351)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/data/adonet/linq-to-dataset-examples.md

ms.assetid: dfd91658-8d8a-45a4-a356-e327e809f21d
---
# LINQ to DataSet Examples

> This section provides [!INCLUDE[linq_dataset](../../../../includes/linq-dataset-md.md)] programming examples that use the standard query operators. The <xref:System.Data.DataSet> used in these examples is populated by using the `FillDataSet` method, which is specified in [Loading Data Into a DataSet](../../../../docs/framework/data/adonet/loading-data-into-a-dataset.md). For more information, see [Standard Query Operators Overview (C#)](../../../csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/standard-query-operators-overview.md) or [Standard Query Operators Overview (Visual Basic)](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/standard-query-operators-overview.md).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides LINQ to DataSet programming examples that use the standard query operators. The <xref:System.Data.DataSet> used in these examples is populated by using the `FillDataSet` method, which is specified in [Loading Data Into a DataSet](../../../../docs/framework/data/adonet/loading-data-into-a-dataset.md). For more information, see [Standard Query Operators Overview (C#)](../../../csharp/programming-guide/concepts/linq/standard-query-operators-overview.md) or [Standard Query Operators Overview (Visual Basic)](../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/standard-query-operators-overview.md).  
```
